# GAD-002 | Eating book
- [Home](../../../home.md)
- [Back](../s1.md)

## Info
GAD-002
Name: Eating book
Class: Neutral, Contained
Type: Object/Book
Security level: 4
Security Measures: The eating book is locked in a 3x3x3 meter room with 10cm thick steel walls. Staff must give the eating book meat or something vegetable every 12 hours. If GAD-002 does not get anything to eat it starts to move after 2 hours and becomes quite aggressive and attacks everything and everyone near it. After feeding, level 4 staff may approach it and read from it.
Abilities: GAD-002 provides all information about almost everything he has eaten. However, the more he eats from, for example, a plant, the more information you can find. You can get to the information by reading from GAD-002.

Info: GAD-002 is neutral and only attacks after it has not eaten anything for 14 hours. Furthermore, GAD-002 cannot be destroyed because its abnormal ability makes it indestructible. Level 4 employees are authorized to read from GAD-002 after feeding. In doing so, GAD-002 behaves peacefully. However, if any damage is done to GAD-002, GAD-002 will attack immediately. GAD-002 was found in a ruin in a mountain range.

Minutes:
04.05.1980
 -GAD-002 was found in a mountain.
05.05.1980
 -GAD-002 is put in his cell for examination.
06.05.1980
 -GAD-002 attacked a researcher today when he approached him.
 -GAD-002 again behaves calmly and allows researcher to approach him again.
[Error]
14.01.1985
 -We found information today from the scientist who was attacked by GAD-002 on 06.05.1980. Make further investigations.
[Error]
18.03.2000
 -A scientist attacked GAD-002. GAD-002 also attacked in response. GAD-002 is thus classified as neutral.
[No new entries]


Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
