# GAD-002 | Eating book

- [Home](../../../home.md)
- [Back](../s1.md)

## Info

- ID: 002
- Name: Eating Book
- [Class](../class.md): Neutral, Contained
- Type: Object/Book
- [Security Level](../sec.md): 4
- Anomalistic Effect:

GAD-002 provides all information about almost everything he has eaten. However, the more he eats from, for example, a plant, the more information you can find. You can get to the information by reading from GAD-002.

- Security Measures:

GAD-002 is locked in a 3x3x3 meter room with 10cm thick steel walls. Staff must give GAD-002 something to eat every 12 hours. If GAD-002 does not get anything to eat it starts to move after 2 hours and becomes quite aggressive and attacks everything and everyone near it. After feeding, level 4 staff may approach and read from it.

## Notes

GAD-002 is neutral and only attacks after it has not eaten anything for 14 hours. Furthermore, GAD-002 cannot be destroyed because its abnormal ability makes it indestructible. Level 4 employees are authorized to read from GAD-002 after feeding. In doing so, GAD-002 behaves peacefully. However, if any damage is done to GAD-002, GAD-002 will attack immediately.

GAD-002 was found in a ruin in a mountain range.

## Protocol

- 04.05.1980
  - GAD-002 was found in a mountain.
- 05.05.1980
  - GAD-002 is put in his cell for examination.
- 06.05.1980
  - GAD-002 attacked a researcher today when he approached him.
  - GAD-002 again behaves calmly and allows researcher to approach him again.
- [Error 404: File not found]
- 14.01.1985
  - We found information today from the scientist who was attacked by GAD-002 on 06.05.1980. Make further investigations.
- [Error 404: File not found]
- 18.03.2000
  - A scientist attacked GAD-002. GAD-002 also attacked in response. GAD-002 is thus classified as neutral.
- [No new entries]
