# GAD-003 | Soul Stealer

- [Home](../../../home.md)
- [Back](../s1.md)

## Info

- ID: 003
- Name: Soul Stealer
- [Class](../class.md): Dangerous
- Type: living/dwarvenlike
- [Security Level](../sec.md): 8
- Anomalistic Effect:

The Soul Stealer can steal souls in his bag. He sneak to his victim and make a move. The vicitm is instant dead.

- Security Measures:

GAD-003 is locked in a 4x4x4 room with 6cm thick concret walls. In the middle of the room is a cage. If GAD-003 is in the cage level 8 staff members can go in the room and they can speak with him. 

## Notes

GAD-003 can speak German, English and Spanish. He try to influence the staff to let him out. If the staff try to steal his bag, he react very aggressiv and start to inhale, if he do that any souls in a distance of 3 metres go into his bag and around him it start to get dark.

## Experiments

- Experiment 1
  - GAD-003 and the test person #01 are in the same room alone. As the door closed GAD-003 swing his bag near the test person. #01 died instantly. Test failed

- Experiment 2
  - The test person should try to steal GAD-003´s bag. As the test person #02 touch the bag. GAD-003 react very agresiv. He inhale and open the bag. #02 died. Test failed

- Experiment 3
  - A researcher of level 8 should try to speak with GAD-003. The researcher ask how he is doing. As he ask, GAD-003 say "I am fine. And you?". The researcher ask him he is fine     say thanks for the demand. The researcher go out of the room. Test passed

## Protocol

- 06.07.1975
  - GAD-003 was found in a house near a Forest

- 01.08.1975
  - The cell are ready. GAD-003 is secured

- 04.08.1975
  - GAD-003 killed a researcher

- 05.08.1975
  - Experiment 1 failed

- 06.08.1975
  - Start to make the cell more safety and change the security level and classification to Dangerous.

[Error 404]

- 02.10.1990
  - A researcher tried to steal GAD-003s bag. 6 people died.

- 03.10.1990
  - Experiment 2 failed

- 10.11.1992
  - GAD-003 talk to a researcher and excused for the accident on the October 10th. The researcher accept his excuse.

- 12.11.1992
  - Experminet 3 passed

[Error 404]

- 04.02.2004
  - GAD-003 try to get out of his cage and failed.

- 05.03.2004
  - No news.
